hi welcome to Ready Steady eat and this
is you're born a guru Salone and today
I'm going to show you how to make a full
cup you can call it a roti or you can
call it a party it is an Indian
unbelieva thread which is enjoyed on a
daily basis by every unit household so
without further delay let me tell you
what you need for this so over to my
kitchen for this you will need 2 cups of
whole wheat flour 3/4 cup or as required
water and to serve ghee or butter so you
have got some whole wheat flour and to
start this recipe and it first remove
parents as get the side some flour for
dusting and the rest I am going to need
with plain water make a little well in
the middle add some water we will add
water slowly to see how much is required
actually I'm going to keep adding a
little water to this like this into a
nice smooth dough
if you feel that it's all coming
together now it's almost like a pastry
dough knead it well so that it is our
firm and smooth consistency you will use
both your hands with rounded off the
place which we have about 10 to 15
minutes and we're going to add a wee bit
of oil or key on it so that it'll hold
our crust and let the dough rest for 10
to 15 minutes so now we waited for a
good 15 minutes and I don't you can see
is firm and it's ready to roll out into
nice town duties so for this what we
need it is a skillet which I'm going to
heat now and why on tough skillet is
warming up I am going to now make small
round rotis with a help of a rolling pin
okay I will take a pinch of the butter
and make it into a small rounded the
size of a table tennis or a golf ball
will press it between my fingers and I'm
gonna now Pat it off the dry flour I am
going to use the rolling pin and I'm
going to lightly make a circle
maybe about eight inches round
it's only after a lot of practice that
you'll be able to make it into a proper
circle how to do is lift up the roti and
flip it like this on both your hands to
remove the excess flour Patrick like
this on either side and then place it on
the griddle so why isn't being cooked
I'm going to take another round and do
the same thing with this as well you can
see there's little bubbles being formed
and now I'm gonna flip subscribe you can
see how well it's come out you can see
that it's starting to pop up so I'm
going to remove this I'm going to keep
it on one side and with this side I'm
going to place it on to direct fire you
can see how the roti is ballooning up
see that this roti is done so now you
see how nice and grounded and beautiful
these pull cars are so I'm going to now
roast them one by one like the first one
so you catch them with your hand move
excess claw and onto the
nicely fluffing up already yeah it's
done so I'm gonna flip it but I'm going
to know when you pick this up and put it
on the direct flame you can see how
nicely this is plucked up and balloon up
just add a little bit of ghee or
clarified butter and you're ready to go
so my beautiful will cut that already
these make a wonderful accompaniment
with any curry you will even eat them
plain with just a little bit of butter
they are really delicious
do try out this easy recipe and let me
know how they turned out in the comment
section below but before that also it is
Eliza also subscribe to our channel for
many such quick and easy recipes so this
is me sorry
you